# Online Chit-Management
A chit is mutually beneficial scheme where a group of people contributes towards the chit value and one member from the group is given the price amount and dividends are distributed to all the other members.
The Online Chit Management System will computerize the various activities carried out in the chits. It mainly focus on automated processing of the chit based internet.A chit consist of 'n'number of peoples.They have to pay the money for'n'months the money is divided among those people equaly. It provides the user to interact and see the details and it also provide the user to update or  modify their details if needed.When a user request to a chit,the  chit fund manager should  approve or reject and he should notify the auction date and time.After the auction process payment done by Finance agent.The monthly payment is done  through the bank. The money should be paid within a  month after auction  is completed.
The main aim of the project is to get the correct information about a particular chit and customer details’ available in chits. All process done through online so there is no time will be wasted in the calculations so security should be  improved.The project explains chit description,Payment details ,auction result and total duration of chit etc.  
Online Chit Management System will not only improve the efficiency  but  also reduce human stress there by indirectly improving human resources. It reduce manual errors and increase quality of transactions so Online Chit Management is a user-friendly web-based application.
